that looks to be it starter at the
button they're ready
gates fly they're racing in the goldens
Shaheen and Mara weeds from the inside
one of the first out my catch began well
some Joe Bay came out running mow Arabs
just behind the place then high on life
done Donald store walk and dude renetto
the wizard followed by do scurry to cool
cowboy back off the pace comic asses out
very deep as they charged into the first
bend and while dude had dropped out to
be last of all my catch the leader 700
meters out leaving a quarter behind in
23.9 said Joe Bay went up to be second
Mara which third me whereof is ahead
away running fourth and then high on
life ran out of the winners Cohen cast
or walking dude further back is mind
your biscuits out very deep as heads to
turn for home my catch tackle by sand
Joe Bay 300 meters out morovich coming
around their heels come a cast down the
outside and mind your biscuits is
storming right down the center of the
track he comes biscuits mind your
biscuits storm to the front a hundred
meters out from chemica sand mind your
biscuits raced away to win the debye :
Shaheen photo for the miners more away
Jen comic s then sent Joe by followed by
still walking dude cool cowboy not
listening to me and then came done
Donald my cat's Ronaldo the wizard the
Oscar reader high on life Moo Arab and
wild dude back in the tail mind your
biscuits
jawoll Rosario denied by the bear as
possible margin by a minor gasp in the
previous race the ilgaz print has
prevailed aboard mind your biscuits has
overcome the extreme outside gate helped
by a fast time they broke 24 in the
first quarter and mind your biscuits has
asserted himself running away over the
concluding stages more a wedge and comic
s battle
the minor money inference and Joe Bay we
wait for the result of the photo for the
miners kill Cowboys cap